typos and enhance clarity in change log (#21630)
Ultimaker/Cura: resources/texts/change_log.txt

- Fixed an issue where certain 3MF files would incorrectly load with an invalid setting configuration
- Fixed an issue where certain setting combinations would skip parts of the skin and walls sections
- Resolved an issue where slicing would fail when both Raft build plate adhesion and Support Lightning Infill were enabled
- Fixed an issue where overhang speed would be applied inconsistently when both Split Infill and Overhang Speed settings were enabled
- Fixed an issue where the profile has changes notification would overlap with UI elements
- Fixed an issue where certain setting configurations would cause a large amount of small line segments to be generated for the prime tower

> - Fixed an issue where clicking the "Login to Digital Factory" button twice would fail the authentication

Author: @rburema 👇 ❓ 
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where clicking the "Sign in to Digital Factory" button twice would fail to log in
```

Author: Side note:
"login vs log in"
It was a noun vs verb for me, since here it was used as a noun for describing the button the login (noun) came to my mind.
Second update here uses the verb version so `to log in`
